alright one two three
alright today I'm going to show you how
to replace the engine air filter on the
2006 acura TL well if you ever replace
the air filter on most part you probably
already know where the air filter is but
there's a little tricky with the Acura
TL is two things one the air filter
housing does not come out right away
when you take off the four nailed out
screws so I'm gonna walk through step by
step that you need to do at the same
time I'm gonna zoom in where the screw
is so fortunate well you had to replace
the four screws one two and then there's
a one down this side right here at the
corner of the filter housing and then
there's another one on this side next to
the very well the only thing is after
you take out this four screws you will
not be able to take it out right away so
what you need to do is you need to use
either band or a pair of pliers to take
out this clam right here
and also you need to loosen this nut to
pull back the air pass just like what I
did right here so once you release that
to clamp you should be able to be able
to raise the house enough to replace the
air filter so that's it to replace the
air filter on the Acura TL 2006 it's not
horror but it's a little trick to do
that I hope it helped most of you out
there